* NetBackup 5240 Appliance features
System memory configuration (DIMMS)
64GB, up to a maximum of 192GBs
Note: When you purchase the first expansion storage shelf, the Storage Expansion kit that comes with the storage shelf includes an additional 64 GBs of memory. After adding the first storage shelf and the memory, you can increase the appliance memory to 192 GBs by purchasing an additional 64-GB memory kit.

RAID 1 (standard mirroring) and RAID 6 (block level striping with double distributed parity) are implemented as follows:
■ Appliance system disks: RAID 1
■ Appliance storage disks: RAID 6
■ Storage shelf data storage disks: RAID 6
Note: The disk drives in the appliance are pre-formatted before the appliance is shipped. These drives should not be moved into different slots or otherwise rearranged

Operating system: Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.8
Processor: Two (2) Intel® Xenon® E5-2630 v3 2.40GHz processors.
Appliance software version: Version 2.7.3 or higher

* NetBackup 5240 Appliance front panel disk drive configuration
The NetBackup 5240 Appliance contains 12 SAS hard disk drives, which can be accessed from the appliance's front panel. An embedded RAID controller on the appliance's mainboard is used to configure four of the 12 disks into two RAID1 mirrored volumes. These volumes are labeled Volume0 and Volume1.

The disk drives that are located in slot 0 and slot 1 are configured as the RAID1, VOLUME0 device. These disk drives contain the appliance operating system and the NetBackup application.

The disk drives in slot 2 and slot 3 are configured as the RAID1, VOLUME1 device. These disk drives store all of the log files.

The disk drives in slots 4 through 10 store user data. They are configured as a RAID 6 array, which uses block-level striping with two parity blocks across each of the disk drives in the volume.
The appliance uses the disk drive that is located in slot 11 as a hot-spare disk. If one of the disk drives fails in slots 4 through 10, the appliance automatically initiates a RAID 6 rebuild operation. It rebuilds the RAID 6 array by using the hot-spare disk drive in slot 11. After you replace the failed disk drive, the appliance then copies the information from the disk drive in slot 11 to the new replacement disk. When the copy operation finishes, the disk drive in slot 11 again becomes the hot-spare disk.
Warning: The disk drives are pre-formatted before the appliance is shipped. Do not rearrange the disks from their original locations.

The rear panel of the NetBackup 5240 Appliance contains three PCIe riser card assemblies. PCIe riser card assemblies 1 and 2 each support three standard PCIe cards, while PCIe riser card assembly 3 supports two low profile PCIe cards. The slots are labeled 1 to 8. Slots 1, 2, and 3 are located in PCIe riser card assembly 2. Slots 4, 5, and 6 are located in PCIe riser card assembly 1, while slots 7 and 8 are located in PCIe riser card assembly 3.

* Veritas 2U12 49TB Storage Shelf overview
The optional Veritas 2U12 49TB Storage Shelf is a 2U12 drive enclosure that contains twelve 6TB 7200 rpm SAS hard disk drives. Available storage capacity of the storage shelf is 49TBs. An embedded RAID controller is used to configure the disk drives into a RAID 6 configuration. One of the disk drives is reserved as a hot spare

The Veritas 2U12 49TB Storage Shelf also contains two Storage Bay Bridge 2.1 compliant (SBB) Input/Output (I/O) modules. Each I/O module has three SAS-3 ports, which are labeled A, B, and C. As such, each storage shelf contains a total of six SAS-3 I/O ports. However, only ports A and B of each I/O module are used to connect the storage shelf to the appliance or other storage shelves.

Power Cooling Modules (PCM).

Power Cooling Modules (PCM) use four LEDs to indicate the status of the PCM.

The Intelligent Platform Management Interface (or IPMI) provides management and monitoring capabilities independently of the host system's CPU, firmware, and operating system. You can configure the IPMI sub-system for your appliances. You can use the remote management port, located on the rear panel of the appliance, to connect to the IPMI sub-system.

The IPMI is beneficial after an unexpected power outage shuts down the connected system. In case the appliance is not accessible after the power is restored, you can use a laptop or desktop computer to access the appliance remotely by using a network connection to the hardware rather than to an operating system or login shell. This enables you to control and monitor the appliance even if it is powered down, unresponsive, or without any operating system.

By default, NIC1 (eth0) is factory set to IP address 192.168.229.233. This private network address is reserved to provide a direct connection from a laptop to perform the initial configuration. NIC1 (eth0) is typically not connected to your network environment.
Once the initial configuration has been completed, you can connect NIC1 (eth0) to an administrative network that does not provide any backup data transfer.

* Configuring the IPMI from the NetBackup Appliance Shell Menu
The defaults for the remote management port are:
■ IP Address: 192.168.0.10
■ Subnet Mask: 255.255.255.0

For configuring the IPMI, you must connect to the appliance first. You can connect to the appliance in the following ways:
■ Using a keyboard and a monitor
■ Using a laptop

The current remediation for Java versions 7 update 51 and on, is as follows:
1. Navigate to the Windows control panel and open the selection for "Java".
2. Click the "Security" tab.
3. Select the "Edit Site List" button, and then click "Add"
4. Enter your RMM IP address into the field, including the "http://" , and click "OK" to accept the settings.
You should now be able to launch the KVM console sucessfully.

Starting with NetBackup appliance software version 2.6.0.4, the NetBackup Appliance Web Console is accessible only over HTTPS on the default port 443. Port 80 over HTTP has been disabled.





















